1.     Make the bibtex

a.     Run a query to make the bibtex

b.     Name the query result qry_mm_dd_yyyy_wk.bib, where mm is the month, dd is the day and yyy is the year of the Monday that the query was run.  "qry" stands for query, “wk” stands for “week” to indicate the file contains a week’s work of data.

c.     Store the file

2.     Prepare the bibtex

a.     Run the python program fix_bibtex using the bibtex from step 1 file as input.   Run the program from a command line using

python fix-bibtex.py <blah_wk_raw.bib >blah_wk_fin.bib

3.     Run the reports

a.     Run the reports from the command line using

python read-bibtex.py blah_fin.bib >blah_fin.rpt

Note:  fix-bibtex.py uses a “<” preceding the file name to be processed.  Read-bibtex.py does not.

b.     Review the reports provided.

c.     If the reports raise concerns don't add until others review

d.     If the reports are normal, proceed

4.     Create the RDF

a.     Run the python program bibtex2rdf from the command line using

 

python bibtex2rdf.py blah_fin.bib

 

Three new files will be created: b

·     blah_fn.rdf contains the RDF

·     blah_fn.rpt contains the final report.  This will overwrite the preliminary report generated by read-bibtex.py

·     blah_fn.lst contains a formatted listing of the publications that will be created in VIVO.  The listing is formatted in a bibliographic style suitable for cut and paste into a document. 

b.     Review the provided reports with team.

c.     If the reports raise concerns, arrange a discussion with VIVO editors.

d.     If the reports are normal, proceed

5.     Edit the fix-bibtex.py

a.     Check each of the publishers created in the final report

b.     In the original .bibtex file, search the abbreviations used for each publisher created

c.     Replace the abbreviation name with the actual name in the fix-bibtex file

d.     Save the fix-bibtex file

e.     Re-run the fix-bibtex and the following queries to confirm the changes made

6.     Load the RDF into VIVO

a.     Sign on, navigate to Site Admin, Select Add/Remove RDF data

b.     Upload the file blah_fn.rdf

c.     Make sure “add instance data” is selected

d.     Make sure “RDF/XML” is selected

e.     Submit

f.     Wait for completion

7.     Inspect the results in VIVO.  Look at one each of the following items and confirm that the ingest has worked properly:

a.     A publisher created by the run

b.     A publisher found in the run (confirm the new journals were attached properly)

c.     A journal created by the run

d.     A journal found in the run.  Confirm papers are attached properly

e.     A paper created in the run

f.     A paper found in the run, if any.  Did the paper change?

g.     A UF author created in the run

h.     A UF author found in the run.  Was the paper added properly to the author’s list of publications?

i.     A non UF author created in the run

j.     If irregularities or questions arise, please contact team.

8.     Disambiguate authors

a.     For each author marked “Disambig” in the author report, find the paper in VIVO

b.     Search for authors with the name of the author to be disambiguated

c.     Determine which name is most likely the author of the paper (typically by the type of research being done.  If unsure, check team)

d.     If the likely author of the paper is already assigned, you are finished and proceed to the next author to be disambiguated

e.     If the likely author is not the author currently assigned, remove the assigned author from the author list and add the likely author.  Be sure to preserve the order of the authors in the author list

f.     Continue until all authors have been disambiguated.
